what's up guys it's roger 41 bro gaming
and today i'm gonna tell you guys how to
get pink diamond locker codes for
example this pink diamond Steph Curry
one of the locker codes that I did get
on the first drop that they released for
him I got pink diamond Steph Curry and
I'm gonna show you guys how I did it
what method I used and yeah that's
pretty much it guys I just don't help
everybody get pink diamonds pink
diamonds are great good luck to everyone
here's the method I use so you make sure
you guys go to this tweetdeck twitter
com you sign in with your twitter
account and make sure you add the 2k
twitter right here that's this one then
you add Ronnie 2 k's Twitter then you
add elddis to LD to gauge Twitter and
like I was saying this one is really
instant like it helps you guys see the
locker code first ahead of other people
some people don't know about this but
not everyone knows about it so it will
help you see the code a lot quicker
because I know you might have the
notifications on for 2k Ronnie and LD
but when they tweet something out it
takes about 5 to 10 seconds for that
tweet to get to your phone here the
tweet will come out instantly for
example let me unlock my phone go to
Twitter and let me tweet something out
i'm gonna say let's see what can i say
i'ma say mostly what's up what's what's
up ! tweet it out and it's already there
it comes out so fast on here you can see
it's right here so just make sure you
guys take advantage of this website this
website is gonna help you a lot when it
comes to getting big time and locker
codes with this site you'll be first to
see the code and you'll be first to type
it in on the app and you're more than
likely to get it I got ping down and
Paul George using this I got pink
diamond stuff Kurt using this so it's
accurate it works a lot so you guys
should definitely start using it thank
you guys for watching I really do
appreciate it I hope that you guys get
some pink diamond locker codes using
this method it works for me I hope it
works for you if you guys missed my last
Lakers my gym episode make sure you
click the link on that video but that's
it for today guys
make sure to LIKE and subscribe and I'll
talk to y'all later deuces